# packages in environment at /xavier_ssd/miniconda3/envs/r_env:
#
# Name                    Version                   Build  Channel
_openmp_mutex             4.5                       1_gnu    conda-forge
_r-mutex                  1.0.1               anacondar_1    conda-forge
argon2-cffi               20.1.0           py39h14843e3_2    conda-forge
async_generator           1.10                       py_0    conda-forge
attrs                     21.2.0             pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
backcall                  0.2.0              pyh9f0ad1d_0    conda-forge
backports                 1.0                        py_2    conda-forge
backports.functools_lru_cache 1.6.4              pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
binutils_impl_linux-aarch64 2.36.1               h026399b_2    conda-forge
binutils_linux-aarch64    2.36                h7854541_33    conda-forge
bleach                    3.3.1              pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
bwidget                   1.9.14               h8af1aa0_0    conda-forge
bzip2                     1.0.8                hf897c2e_4    conda-forge
c-ares                    1.17.1               hf897c2e_1    conda-forge
ca-certificates           2021.5.30            h4fd8a4c_0    conda-forge
cairo                     1.16.0            h2b21b7e_1008    conda-forge
certifi                   2021.5.30        py39ha65689a_0    conda-forge
cffi                      1.14.6           py39h460e462_0    conda-forge
curl                      7.78.0               ha8e03fa_0    conda-forge
debugpy                   1.4.1            py39h99ab00b_0    conda-forge
decorator                 5.0.9              pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
defusedxml                0.7.1              pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
entrypoints               0.3             py39hde42818_1002    conda-forge
font-ttf-dejavu-sans-mono 2.37                 hab24e00_0    conda-forge
font-ttf-inconsolata      3.000                h77eed37_0    conda-forge
font-ttf-source-code-pro  2.038                h77eed37_0    conda-forge
font-ttf-ubuntu           0.83                 hab24e00_0    conda-forge
fontconfig                2.13.1            hd44bfdd_1005    conda-forge
fonts-conda-ecosystem     1                             0    conda-forge
fonts-conda-forge         1                             0    conda-forge
freetype                  2.10.4               hdf53a3c_1    conda-forge
fribidi                   1.0.10               hb9de7d4_0    conda-forge
gcc_impl_linux-aarch64    9.3.0               h88a1608_19    conda-forge
gcc_linux-aarch64         9.3.0               h5551ba8_33    conda-forge
gettext                   0.19.8.1          h4454c44_1005    conda-forge
gfortran_impl_linux-aarch64 9.3.0               h028be3c_19    conda-forge
gfortran_linux-aarch64    9.3.0               hbba6789_33    conda-forge
graphite2                 1.3.13            h7fd3ca4_1001    conda-forge
gsl                       2.6                  h4b56f2c_0    conda-forge
gxx_impl_linux-aarch64    9.3.0               ha518f31_19    conda-forge
gxx_linux-aarch64         9.3.0               h270f6e9_33    conda-forge
harfbuzz                  2.8.2                h6939e63_0    conda-forge
icu                       68.1                 h884eca8_0    conda-forge
importlib-metadata        4.6.1            py39ha65689a_0    conda-forge
ipykernel                 6.0.3            py39hef158d4_0    conda-forge
ipython                   7.25.0           py39hef158d4_1    conda-forge
ipython_genutils          0.2.0                      py_1    conda-forge
jbig                      2.1               hf897c2e_2003    conda-forge
jedi                      0.18.0           py39ha65689a_2    conda-forge
jinja2                    3.0.1              pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
jpeg                      9d                   hfd2af3c_0    conda-forge
jsonschema                3.2.0              pyhd8ed1ab_3    conda-forge
jupyter_client            6.1.12             pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
jupyter_core              4.7.1            py39ha65689a_0    conda-forge
jupyterlab_pygments       0.1.2              pyh9f0ad1d_0    conda-forge
kernel-headers_linux-aarch64 4.18.0              h5b4a56d_12    conda-forge
krb5                      1.19.2               h4f20351_0    conda-forge
ld_impl_linux-aarch64     2.36.1               h02ad14f_2    conda-forge
lerc                      2.2.1                h01db608_0    conda-forge
libblas                   3.9.0               10_openblas    conda-forge
libcblas                  3.9.0               10_openblas    conda-forge
libcurl                   7.78.0               hcafe9da_0    conda-forge
libdeflate                1.7                  hf897c2e_5    conda-forge
libedit                   3.1.20191231         he28a2e2_2    conda-forge
libev                     4.33                 h516909a_1    conda-forge
libffi                    3.3                  h884eca8_2    conda-forge
libgcc-devel_linux-aarch64 9.3.0               h246fbc7_19    conda-forge
libgcc-ng                 11.1.0               h3322914_2    conda-forge
libgfortran-ng            9.4.0                he9431aa_0    conda-forge
libgfortran5              9.4.0                h378c87b_1    conda-forge
libglib                   2.68.3               he97b138_0    conda-forge
libgomp                   11.1.0               h3322914_2    conda-forge
libiconv                  1.16                 h6dd45c4_0    conda-forge
liblapack                 3.9.0               10_openblas    conda-forge
libnghttp2                1.43.0               h097699d_0    conda-forge
libopenblas               0.3.17          pthreads_h775ce2d_1    conda-forge
libpng                    1.6.37               hbd635b3_2    conda-forge
libsodium                 1.0.18               hb9de7d4_1    conda-forge
libssh2                   1.9.0                h1ab2c7b_6    conda-forge
libstdcxx-devel_linux-aarch64 9.3.0               h3261afa_19    conda-forge
libstdcxx-ng              11.1.0               h5eeca4d_2    conda-forge
libtiff                   4.3.0                h1ff68f6_1    conda-forge
libuuid                   2.32.1            hf897c2e_1000    conda-forge
libwebp-base              1.2.0                hf897c2e_2    conda-forge
libxcb                    1.13              h3557bc0_1003    conda-forge
libxml2                   2.9.12               hd674cf7_0    conda-forge
lz4-c                     1.9.3                h01db608_0    conda-forge
make                      4.3                  h309ac5b_1    conda-forge
markupsafe                2.0.1            py39h14843e3_0    conda-forge
matplotlib-inline         0.1.2              pyhd8ed1ab_2    conda-forge
mistune                   0.8.4           py39h14843e3_1004    conda-forge
nbclient                  0.5.3              pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
nbconvert                 6.1.0            py39ha65689a_0    conda-forge
nbformat                  5.1.3              pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
ncurses                   6.2                  h7fd3ca4_4    conda-forge
nest-asyncio              1.5.1              pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
notebook                  6.4.0              pyha770c72_0    conda-forge
openssl                   1.1.1k               hf897c2e_0    conda-forge
packaging                 21.0               pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
pandoc                    2.12                 hd43f75c_0  
pandocfilters             1.4.2                      py_1    conda-forge
pango                     1.48.7               he95ef64_0    conda-forge
parso                     0.8.2              pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
pcre                      8.45                 h01db608_0    conda-forge
pcre2                     10.37                h73360fb_0    conda-forge
pexpect                   4.8.0              pyh9f0ad1d_2    conda-forge
pickleshare               0.7.5           py39hde42818_1002    conda-forge
pip                       21.2.1             pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
pixman                    0.40.0               hb9de7d4_0    conda-forge
prometheus_client         0.11.0             pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
prompt-toolkit            3.0.19             pyha770c72_0    conda-forge
pthread-stubs             0.4               hb9de7d4_1001    conda-forge
ptyprocess                0.7.0              pyhd3deb0d_0    conda-forge
pycparser                 2.20               pyh9f0ad1d_2    conda-forge
pygments                  2.9.0              pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
pyparsing                 2.4.7              pyh9f0ad1d_0    conda-forge
pyrsistent                0.17.3           py39h14843e3_2    conda-forge
python                    3.9.6           h4f4e160_1_cpython    conda-forge
python-dateutil           2.8.2              pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
python_abi                3.9                      2_cp39    conda-forge
pyzmq                     22.1.0           py39h3674c48_0    conda-forge
r-askpass                 1.1               r41h96a179c_2    conda-forge
r-assertthat              0.2.1             r41hc72bb7e_2    conda-forge
r-backports               1.2.1             r41h96a179c_0    conda-forge
r-base                    4.1.0                h2889e3b_2    conda-forge
r-base64enc               0.1_3           r41h96a179c_1004    conda-forge
r-blob                    1.2.2             r41hc72bb7e_0    conda-forge
r-boot                    1.3_28            r41hc72bb7e_0    conda-forge
r-brio                    1.1.2             r41h96a179c_0    conda-forge
r-broom                   0.7.9             r41hc72bb7e_0    conda-forge
r-bslib                   0.2.5.1           r41hc72bb7e_0    conda-forge
r-cachem                  1.0.5             r41h96a179c_0    conda-forge
r-callr                   3.7.0             r41hc72bb7e_0    conda-forge
r-caret                   6.0_88            r41h96a179c_0    conda-forge
r-cellranger              1.1.0           r41hc72bb7e_1003    conda-forge
r-class                   7.3_19            r41h96a179c_0    conda-forge
r-cli                     3.0.1             r41hc72bb7e_0    conda-forge
r-clipr                   0.7.1             r41hc72bb7e_0    conda-forge
r-cluster                 2.1.2             r41h6fc6016_0    conda-forge
r-codetools               0.2_18            r41hc72bb7e_0    conda-forge
r-colorspace              2.0_2             r41h96a179c_0    conda-forge
r-commonmark              1.7             r41h96a179c_1002    conda-forge
r-cpp11                   0.3.1             r41hc72bb7e_0    conda-forge
r-crayon                  1.4.1             r41hc72bb7e_0    conda-forge
r-crosstalk               1.1.1             r41hc72bb7e_0    conda-forge
r-crul                    1.1.0             r41h785f33e_0    conda-forge
r-curl                    4.3.2             r41h96a179c_0    conda-forge
r-data.table              1.14.0            r41h96a179c_0    conda-forge
r-dbi                     1.1.1             r41hc72bb7e_0    conda-forge
r-dbplyr                  2.1.1             r41hc72bb7e_0    conda-forge
r-desc                    1.3.0             r41hc72bb7e_0    conda-forge
r-diffobj                 0.3.4             r41h96a179c_0    conda-forge
r-digest                  0.6.27            r41hecdc70b_0    conda-forge
r-dplyr                   1.0.7             r41hecdc70b_0    conda-forge
r-dt                      0.18              r41hc72bb7e_0    conda-forge
r-dtplyr                  1.1.0             r41hc72bb7e_0    conda-forge
r-ellipsis                0.3.2             r41h96a179c_0    conda-forge
r-essentials              4.1             r41hd8ed1ab_2002    conda-forge
r-evaluate                0.14              r41hc72bb7e_2    conda-forge
r-fansi                   0.5.0             r41h96a179c_0    conda-forge
r-farver                  2.1.0             r41hecdc70b_0    conda-forge
r-fastmap                 1.1.0             r41hecdc70b_0    conda-forge
r-flexdashboard           0.5.2             r41hc72bb7e_0    conda-forge
r-forcats                 0.5.1             r41hc72bb7e_0    conda-forge
r-foreach                 1.5.1             r41hc72bb7e_0    conda-forge
r-foreign                 0.8_81            r41h96a179c_0    conda-forge
r-formatr                 1.11              r41hc72bb7e_0    conda-forge
r-fs                      1.5.0             r41hecdc70b_0    conda-forge
r-gargle                  1.2.0             r41hc72bb7e_0    conda-forge
r-generics                0.1.0             r41hc72bb7e_0    conda-forge
r-ggplot2                 3.3.5             r41hc72bb7e_0    conda-forge
r-gistr                   0.9.0             r41hc72bb7e_0    conda-forge
r-glmnet                  4.1_2             r41h6fc6016_0    conda-forge
r-glue                    1.4.2             r41h96a179c_0    conda-forge
r-googledrive             2.0.0             r41hc72bb7e_0    conda-forge
r-googlesheets4           0.3.0             r41h4da3e95_0    conda-forge
r-gower                   0.2.2             r41h96a179c_0    conda-forge
r-gtable                  0.3.0             r41hc72bb7e_3    conda-forge
r-haven                   2.4.1             r41h14fd0b6_0    conda-forge
r-hexbin                  1.28.2            r41h6fc6016_0    conda-forge
r-highr                   0.9               r41hc72bb7e_0    conda-forge
r-hms                     1.1.0             r41hc72bb7e_0    conda-forge
r-htmltools               0.5.1.1           r41hecdc70b_0    conda-forge
r-htmlwidgets             1.5.3             r41hc72bb7e_0    conda-forge
r-httpcode                0.3.0             r41h8af1aa0_1    conda-forge
r-httpuv                  1.6.1             r41hecdc70b_0    conda-forge
r-httr                    1.4.2             r41hc72bb7e_0    conda-forge
r-ids                     1.0.1             r41hc72bb7e_1    conda-forge
r-ipred                   0.9_11            r41h96a179c_0    conda-forge
r-irdisplay               1.0               r41hd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
r-irkernel                1.2               r41hc72bb7e_0    conda-forge
r-isoband                 0.2.5             r41hecdc70b_0    conda-forge
r-iterators               1.0.13            r41hc72bb7e_0    conda-forge
r-jquerylib               0.1.4             r41hc72bb7e_0    conda-forge
r-jsonlite                1.7.2             r41h96a179c_0    conda-forge
r-kernsmooth              2.23_20           r41h2fbc33e_0    conda-forge
r-knitr                   1.33              r41hc72bb7e_0    conda-forge
r-labeling                0.4.2             r41hc72bb7e_0    conda-forge
r-later                   1.2.0             r41hecdc70b_0    conda-forge
r-lattice                 0.20_44           r41h96a179c_0    conda-forge
r-lava                    1.6.9             r41hc72bb7e_0    conda-forge
r-lazyeval                0.2.2             r41h96a179c_2    conda-forge
r-lifecycle               1.0.0             r41hc72bb7e_0    conda-forge
r-lubridate               1.7.10            r41hecdc70b_0    conda-forge
r-magrittr                2.0.1             r41h96a179c_1    conda-forge
r-maps                    3.3.0           r41h96a179c_1004    conda-forge
r-markdown                1.1               r41h96a179c_1    conda-forge
r-mass                    7.3_54            r41h96a179c_0    conda-forge
r-matrix                  1.3_4             r41hb5b0af1_0    conda-forge
r-mgcv                    1.8_36            r41hb5b0af1_0    conda-forge
r-mime                    0.11              r41h96a179c_0    conda-forge
r-modelmetrics            1.2.2.2           r41hecdc70b_1    conda-forge
r-modelr                  0.1.8             r41hc72bb7e_0    conda-forge
r-munsell                 0.5.0           r41hc72bb7e_1003    conda-forge
r-nlme                    3.1_152           r41h6fc6016_0    conda-forge
r-nnet                    7.3_16            r41h96a179c_0    conda-forge
r-numderiv                2016.8_1.1        r41hc72bb7e_3    conda-forge
r-openssl                 1.4.4             r41h2820974_0    conda-forge
r-pbdzmq                  0.3_5             r41h5fd1efb_1    conda-forge
r-pillar                  1.6.1             r41hc72bb7e_0    conda-forge
r-pkgconfig               2.0.3             r41hc72bb7e_1    conda-forge
r-pkgload                 1.2.1             r41hecdc70b_0    conda-forge
r-plyr                    1.8.6             r41hecdc70b_1    conda-forge
r-praise                  1.0.0           r41hc72bb7e_1004    conda-forge
r-prettyunits             1.1.1             r41hc72bb7e_1    conda-forge
r-proc                    1.17.0.1          r41hecdc70b_0    conda-forge
r-processx                3.5.2             r41h96a179c_0    conda-forge
r-prodlim                 2019.11.13        r41hecdc70b_1    conda-forge
r-progress                1.2.2             r41hc72bb7e_2    conda-forge
r-promises                1.2.0.1           r41hecdc70b_0    conda-forge
r-pryr                    0.1.4           r41hecdc70b_1004    conda-forge
r-ps                      1.6.0             r41h96a179c_0    conda-forge
r-purrr                   0.3.4             r41h96a179c_1    conda-forge
r-quantmod                0.4.18            r41hc72bb7e_0    conda-forge
r-r6                      2.5.0             r41hc72bb7e_0    conda-forge
r-randomforest            4.6_14          r41h6fc6016_1004    conda-forge
r-rappdirs                0.3.3             r41h96a179c_0    conda-forge
r-rbokeh                  0.5.1             r41hc72bb7e_0    conda-forge
r-rcolorbrewer            1.1_2           r41h785f33e_1003    conda-forge
r-rcpp                    1.0.7             r41hecdc70b_0    conda-forge
r-readr                   1.4.0             r41hecdc70b_0    conda-forge
r-readxl                  1.3.1             r41h14fd0b6_4    conda-forge
r-recipes                 0.1.16            r41hc72bb7e_0    conda-forge
r-recommended             4.1             r41hd8ed1ab_1004    conda-forge
r-rematch                 1.0.1           r41hc72bb7e_1003    conda-forge
r-rematch2                2.1.2             r41hc72bb7e_1    conda-forge
r-repr                    1.1.3             r41h785f33e_0    conda-forge
r-reprex                  2.0.0             r41hc72bb7e_0    conda-forge
r-reshape2                1.4.4             r41hecdc70b_1    conda-forge
r-rlang                   0.4.11            r41h96a179c_0    conda-forge
r-rmarkdown               2.9               r41hc72bb7e_1    conda-forge
r-rpart                   4.1_15            r41h96a179c_2    conda-forge
r-rprojroot               2.0.2             r41hc72bb7e_0    conda-forge
r-rstudioapi              0.13              r41hc72bb7e_0    conda-forge
r-rvest                   1.0.1             r41hc72bb7e_0    conda-forge
r-sass                    0.4.0             r41hecdc70b_0    conda-forge
r-scales                  1.1.1             r41hc72bb7e_0    conda-forge
r-selectr                 0.4_2             r41hc72bb7e_1    conda-forge
r-shape                   1.4.6             r41ha770c72_0    conda-forge
r-shiny                   1.6.0             r41hc72bb7e_0    conda-forge
r-shinylp                 1.1.2           r41hc72bb7e_1002    conda-forge
r-sourcetools             0.1.7           r41h01db608_1002    conda-forge
r-spatial                 7.3_14            r41h96a179c_0    conda-forge
r-squarem                 2021.1            r41hc72bb7e_0    conda-forge
r-stringi                 1.7.3             r41h86e2220_0    conda-forge
r-stringr                 1.4.0             r41hc72bb7e_2    conda-forge
r-survival                3.2_11            r41h96a179c_0    conda-forge
r-sys                     3.4               r41h96a179c_0    conda-forge
r-testthat                3.0.4             r41hecdc70b_0    conda-forge
r-tibble                  3.1.3             r41h96a179c_0    conda-forge
r-tidyr                   1.1.3             r41hecdc70b_0    conda-forge
r-tidyselect              1.1.1             r41h4da3e95_0    conda-forge
r-tidyverse               1.3.1             r41hc72bb7e_0    conda-forge
r-timedate                3043.102        r41hc72bb7e_1002    conda-forge
r-tinytex                 0.32              r41hc72bb7e_0    conda-forge
r-triebeard               0.3.0           r41h01db608_1003    conda-forge
r-ttr                     0.24.2            r41h96a179c_0    conda-forge
r-urltools                1.7.3             r41hecdc70b_2    conda-forge
r-utf8                    1.2.2             r41h96a179c_0    conda-forge
r-uuid                    0.1_4             r41h96a179c_1    conda-forge
r-vctrs                   0.3.8             r41h96a179c_1    conda-forge
r-viridislite             0.4.0             r41hc72bb7e_0    conda-forge
r-waldo                   0.2.5             r41hc72bb7e_0    conda-forge
r-withr                   2.4.2             r41hc72bb7e_0    conda-forge
r-xfun                    0.24              r41hecdc70b_0    conda-forge
r-xml2                    1.3.2             r41hecdc70b_1    conda-forge
r-xtable                  1.8_4             r41hc72bb7e_3    conda-forge
r-xts                     0.12.1            r41h96a179c_0    conda-forge
r-yaml                    2.2.1             r41h96a179c_1    conda-forge
r-zoo                     1.8_9             r41h96a179c_1    conda-forge
readline                  8.1                  h1a49cc3_0    conda-forge
sed                       4.8                  ha0d5d3d_0    conda-forge
send2trash                1.7.1              pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
setuptools                49.6.0           py39ha65689a_3    conda-forge
six                       1.16.0             pyh6c4a22f_0    conda-forge
sqlite                    3.36.0               hc164836_0    conda-forge
sysroot_linux-aarch64     2.17                h43d7e78_12    conda-forge
terminado                 0.10.1           py39ha65689a_0    conda-forge
testpath                  0.5.0              pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
tk                        8.6.10               ha99a2a3_1    conda-forge
tktable                   2.10                 hcd05d48_3    conda-forge
tornado                   6.1              py39h14843e3_1    conda-forge
traitlets                 5.0.5                      py_0    conda-forge
tzdata                    2021a                he74cb21_1    conda-forge
wcwidth                   0.2.5              pyh9f0ad1d_2    conda-forge
webencodings              0.5.1                      py_1    conda-forge
wheel                     0.36.2             pyhd3deb0d_0    conda-forge
xorg-kbproto              1.0.7             h3557bc0_1002    conda-forge
xorg-libice               1.0.10               h3557bc0_0    conda-forge
xorg-libsm                1.2.3             h965e137_1000    conda-forge
xorg-libx11               1.7.2                h3557bc0_0    conda-forge
xorg-libxau               1.0.9                h3557bc0_0    conda-forge
xorg-libxdmcp             1.1.3                h3557bc0_0    conda-forge
xorg-libxext              1.3.4                h3557bc0_1    conda-forge
xorg-libxrender           0.9.10            h3557bc0_1003    conda-forge
xorg-libxt                1.2.1                h3557bc0_2    conda-forge
xorg-renderproto          0.11.1            h3557bc0_1002    conda-forge
xorg-xextproto            7.3.0             h3557bc0_1002    conda-forge
xorg-xproto               7.0.31            h3557bc0_1007    conda-forge
xz                        5.2.5                h6dd45c4_1    conda-forge
zeromq                    4.3.4                h01db608_0    conda-forge
zipp                      3.5.0              pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
zlib                      1.2.11            h516909a_1009    conda-forge
zstd                      1.5.0                h41fb7a4_0    conda-forge

